Yesterday I was sitting in a cafe and
overheard accidentally a conversation
that felt like a social experiment I
definitely didn't sign up for. A man was
explaining dating to a woman with that
kind of confidence that makes you think
>> he is about to say something really
questionable.
>> Instead he said don't go for the man who
doesn't work for you. Wait for the
effort. Focus on yourself and do not get
excited when a man sends you flowers.
Flowers should not be a reason alone to
go out with a man. Be more difficult
because when it's easy, it's not
interesting and definitely not serious
either. A man saying this out loud in
public growth. Then the woman gives an
example.
>> But my friend, she met someone and she
slept with him on the first day and
after a few months they were married.
>> Without missing even a single beat, the
man goes, "She was lucky." which is
honestly the most honest word he could
have used because ladies, just like the
people who win the lottery are lucky.
That does not suddenly make gambling a
financial strategy. Rolling around in
bed with men hoping to be the exception
one day is roulette. Nine times out of
10, the outcome is not a ring. It's
confusion, heartbreak, and a man
explaining why he is not ready for
something serious. Then comes my
favorite part of this cafe visit. After
this entire motivational speech about
not giving access too early, this man
still tried to lean in and kiss her. I
guess this was pure muscle memory, which
honestly completed the lesson perfectly
because even the man preaching restraint
still tried his luck. The moral of that
story, excess don't make men commit,
standards do.